 He was able to smell a bargain -- and a masterpiece -- a continent away , and the Museum of Modern Art's Alfred Barr said of him : `` I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson didn't know about '' .
 Or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick .
 we do well to conform this way with all that God requires .
 but it can't remind one of the freedom that Washington and the Continental soldiers fought for .
 the West may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that U Thant represents .
 Some government scientists say privately that the figure probably is closer to 80 megatons , and that the full 50-megaton bomb that Khrushchev mentioned may still be detonated .
 Of the handful of painters that Austria has produced in the 20th century , only one , Oskar Kokoschka , is widely known in the U.S. .
 The concertos that Van Cliburn has been associated with in New York since his triumphant return from Russia in 1958 have been the Tchaikovsky , the Rachmaninoff Third , and the Prokofieff Third .
 `` He has married me with a ring of bright water '' , begins the Kathleen Raine poem from which Maxwell takes his title , and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys .
 Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends .
 Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now , accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give .
 To some extent the personal inadequacies that prejudices attempt to compensate for are to be found in all of us .
 They borrowed a typewriter , raised about $2,000 in contributions , hired a secretary , persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay and began mailing out a collection of unstapled leaflets that they called Guideposts .
 Rose Weiss , who handles all the prayer-requests that we receive , answering each letter personally , has the serene selflessness that comes from suffering : she has had many major operations , and now gets about in a limited way on braces and crutches .
 So with four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , four of No. 2 , four of No. 3 and four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press , you can see that Henri De Courcy has had a terrific mass-building , muscle-shaping , torso-defining workout that cannot be improved upon .
