The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°artist¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for people.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°words or rituals¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°this way¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°the freedom¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°neutralism¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°bomb¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°painters¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for people.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°concertos¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°world¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°language¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°peace¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°personal inadequacies¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°leaflets¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°selflessness¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°workout¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.