The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°manner¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°legislation¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°organization¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°the circumstances¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°the United States¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°a program¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°one advantage¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°merchandise¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°party¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°the Democratic party¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°the city and state¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°the $40, 000, 000 budget¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°the twenty under-developed countries¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°a coalition government¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°principles¡±. We use ¡°that¡± to refer to subjects for things.