 The jury further said in term-end presentments that the City Executive Committee , which had over-all charge of the election , `` deserves the praise and thanks of the City of Atlanta '' for the manner in which the election was conducted .
 The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Jr. .
 The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' .
 `` This is one of the major items in the Fulton County general assistance program '' , the jury said , but the State Welfare Department `` has seen fit to distribute these funds through the welfare departments of all the counties in the state with the exception of Fulton County , which receives none of this money .
 The jury also commented on the Fulton ordinary's court which has been under fire for its practices in the appointment of appraisers , guardians and administrators and the awarding of fees and compensation .
 State Party Chairman James W. Dorsey added that enthusiasm was picking up for a state rally to be held Sept. 8 in Savannah at which newly elected Texas Sen. John Tower will be the featured speaker .
 The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1
 The Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system -- a system which the party opposes in its platform .
 The department apparently intends to make the Rural Roads Authority a revolving fund under which new bonds would be issued every time a portion of the old ones are paid off by tax authorities .
 While emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out , Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87-31 .
 The resolution , which Barber tossed into the House hopper Friday , will be formally read Monday .
 Daniel personally led the fight for the measure , which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures , in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation .
 But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it .
