The adverbial phrase ¡°in the manner¡± in the relative clause is missing. ¡°in which¡± together refers to ¡°in the manner¡±.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°the hard-fought primary¡±. We use ¡°which¡± to refer to subjects for things (and animals).
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°departments¡±. We use ¡°which¡± to refer to subjects for things (and animals).
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to the preceding sentence ¡°the State Welfare Department has seen fit to distribute these funds ¡­¡±. We use ¡°which¡± to refer to the whole event.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°the Fulton ordinary's court¡±. We use ¡°which¡± to refer to subjects for things (and animals).
The time adverbial phrase ¡°(at) Sept. 8¡± is missing in the relative clause. We use ¡°at which¡± together to refer to time expressions.
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°a state law¡±. We use ¡°which¡± to refer to subjects for things (and animals).
The subject in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°a system¡±. We use ¡°which¡± to refer to subjects for things (and animals).
The adverbial phrase ¡°under the revolving fund¡± is missing in the relative clause. We use ¡°under which¡± together to refer to that adverbial expressions.
The object in the relative clause is missing. And that subject refers to ¡°the privilege resolution¡±. We use ¡°which¡± to refer to subjects for things (and animals).
The object of ¡°toss¡± in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°the resolution¡±. We use ¡°which¡± to refer to subjects for things (and animals).
The object of ¡°water down¡± in the relative clause is missing. And that object refers to ¡°the measure¡±. We use ¡°which¡± to refer to subjects for things (and animals).
The adverbial phrase ¡°with questions¡± is missing in the relative clause. We use ¡°with which¡± together to refer to that adverbial expressions.