The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°The outgoing members¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°Mazeroski¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°incompetents¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°Clayton Nairne¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°Fenwick Eustis¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°children¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°U. S. Forest Service¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°Sydney Wragge¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°Duncan Phyfe¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°the Rutherford family¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°artists¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°the organization¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°England¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.
The possessor of subject in the relative clause is missing. And that possessor refers to ¡°President-elect Kennedy¡±. We use ¡°whose¡± to refer to possession.