 The outgoing members , whose four-year terms will expire a week after the April 18 primary election , received carved wooden elephants , complete with ivory tusks , to remember the state committee by .
 Mazeroski , whose homer beat the Yankees in the final series game , will receive the Babe Ruth Award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series .
 And it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding incompetents who were meditating the abandonment of a sport whose frustrations were driving them to despair .
 Mrs. Clayton Nairne , whose daughter , was among the court maids , chose a deep greenish blue lace gown .
 Mrs. Fenwick Eustis , whose daughter was also a maid to the queen , wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown .
 A Sterling Township family of six surviving children , whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children , found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends .
 There have even been serious errors in the U. S. Forest Service , whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training , he added .
 Sydney Wragge , creator of sophisticated casuals for women and Roger Vivier , designer of Christian Dior shoes Paris , France , whose squared toes and lowered heels have revolutionized the shoe industry .
 At last the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman , Duncan Phyfe , whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U. S. Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings .
 The gift is being presented by `` heirs and descendants of the Rutherford family of New Jersey , whose famous estate , `` Tranquility '' , was located near the Duncan Phyfe workshop at Andover , N. J. .
 Among the other artists , whose paintings were discussed were Boucher , Courbet , Fra Angelico .
 It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' .
 Eighteenth-century England , upon whose customs our common law was built , had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies .
 They had the unspoken support of President-elect Kennedy , whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck .
