 He will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr. , who became a candidate in the Sept. 13 primary after Mayor Hartsfield announced that he would not run for reelection .
 Despite the warning , there was a unanimous vote to enter a candidate , according to Republicans who attended .
 He will be succeeded by Rob Ledford of Gainesville , who has been an assistant more than three years .
 Barber , who is in his 13th year as a legislator , said there `` are some members of our congressional delegation in Washington who would like to see it ( the resolution ) passed '' .
 The new school superintendent is Harry Davis , a veteran agriculture teacher , who defeated Felix Bush , a school principal and chairman of the Miller County Democratic Executive Committee .
 One , by Sen. Louis Crump of San Saba , would aid more than 17,000 retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be notarized .
 The other bill , by Sen. A. M. Aikin Jr. of Paris , would relieve real estate brokers , who pay their own annual licensing fee , from the $12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds .
 All Dallas members voted with Roberts , except Rep. Bill Jones , who was absent .
 Rep. Henry C. Grover , who teaches history in the Houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate .
 `` A person with a master's degree in physics , chemistry , math or English , yet who has not taken Education courses , is not permitted to teach in the public schools '' , said Grover .
 Dr. Clark will succeed Dr. J. R. McLemore , who will retire at the close of the present school term .
 The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Karns , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' .
 `` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court .
 After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case , Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed , he would dismiss them .
