 There are a number of reasons why the Eighteenth Century designer had to develop `` down to earth '' designs -- or go out of business .
 There are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university .
 There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at `` Donnybrook '' , unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish .
 All the more reason why there should have been no place for the frills ; ;
 And that's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears , to develop the poise that promotes peace .
 Really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times , for the following suggestions show why it is so effective : 1 .
 Although I suggested that you hold the bar at the back of the neck there's no reason why you shouldn't make some experiments with the bar held in front of the neck .
 But it is more than irony : one of the main reasons why nationalism is no longer a tenable concept is because it has spread throughout the planet .
 Lucretius has remarked : `` The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they attribute to the will of God '' .
 In any case , she told Thompson that she saw no reason why he might not see Katie again , `` now that this frank explanation has been made & no one can misunderstand '' .
 The position of the new camp was admirably selected and well fortified , its easily defensible nature being one good reason why Howe did not attack it .
 Because of these involvements in the matter at stake , Boniface lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter , and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the Curia proved so fruitless .
 Conceived as an organ of economic cooperation , there is no reason why O.E.C.D. cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire .
 We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant .
